Initial implementation (#1)
projectsyn/component-topolvm: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= TopoLVM

TopoLVM is a Commodore component to manage topolvm.

See the xref:references/parameters.adoc[parameters] reference for further details.

== Setup

* Create an LVM VolumeGroup named `vgssd` on the nodes you want.
* Add a label `syn.tools/topolvm=""` to the nodes which have the VolumeGroup.

== Maintenance

=== Extending Capacity

> Topolvm (lvmd) checks a node ~10 minutes, so to extend the capacity of a node just extend its volumegroup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TopoLVM (lvmd) scans all nodes every 10 minutes, so to extend the capacity of a node just extend its volumegroup and wait until the capacity change is picked up by TopoLVM.
```
